Zhanna Golubeva
3041 S. Lowe Ave. apt. 1 · Chicago, Il 60616 · (708) 770-7573 ·
zhannagolubeva@yahoo.com

Objective: to obtain a position as an __________in __________

Education: Russian State University, Tambov, Russia
The faculty of modern languages and foreign philology, 06.1999 – 07.2004

Area of study: Foreign Philology ( English language, literature, German language) 

Degree: Philology

International qualification: philologist

International qualification: professor of philology

Work experience: Greek Islands, 
Chicago, The United States of America,
until now.
Waitress. 

Salus NLP, 
Moscow, Russia, 
September 2018 – March 2019.
Personal Assistant to General Director – General Director`s daily schedule (making appointments, monitoring daily meetings),  meeting arrangements,  doing meeting protocols weekly, travel arrangements, visa applications, hotel bookings, ticket orders, taxi order, organizing and executing day-to-day tasks

International Nobel Center, 
Tambov, Russia   
November 2016 – September 2018.
Translater – translations, interpretation, texts correction and preparation for publishing, conference organization and participation.

Elementary School #24, 
Tambov, Russia.          
November 2016 – September 2018
Teacher of  English – supervising, educating, supporting, establishing and enforcing rules of behavior for pupils in the classroom, preparing lessons, units and projects to complete learning objects, creating assigning and grading various assessments for pupils, including tests, quizzes, projects, adapting teaching methods and materials to meet the interests of pupils, working with pupils one-on-one when they need extra help or attention.

Goltsblat BLP LLP, 
Moscow, Russia,
March 2011 – April 2013.
Team assistant for the Intellectual property/ Dispute Resilution Group; Personal assistant to the partner of the Intellectual property Group; secretary – organization of meetings, coordination of regional visits (hotels, transfers, etc.), managing daily schedule of the Partner (making appointments, monitoring daily meetings, parking control, etc), billing Partner`s Working Hours, travel arrangements, visa applications, hotel bookings, ticket orders, taxi order, working with InterAction, Consultant Plus Databases, Elite WebView,  Notarization, Agreement edition, folder enclosed documents description making,  documents flow management: internal & external correspondence, contracts, documentary support of the training and conferences, etc,  full range of secretarial support activities for the Intellectual Property / Dispute Resolution Team, cooperation with office manager/ reception / finanse departments; organizing docs translations via Translation Department, expenses claim form, providing administrative support conducting telephone calls, mail , planning, organizing and executing day-to-day tasks.

Mikhailov and Partners. Strategic Communication Management, communications consulting, 
Moscow, Russia,             
June 2009 – March 2011. 
Personal assistant - full range of secretarial support activities, providing administrative support conducting telephone calls, mail and travel arrangements, visa applications, hotel bookings, ticket orders, planning, organizing and executing day-to-day tasks, managing daily schedule (making appointments, monitoring daily meetings, parking control, etc), office management 

Regus Business Centre, 
Moscow, Russia                         
August 2006 – June 2009.         
Customer Service Representative/Debtors Coordinator - provideing professional support to clients including e.g. secretarial services, photocopying, printing, laminating, binding and faxing services, ensure the perfect set up of products (show office, meeting room set up, business lounge) as per Regus Standard (product delivery audit ), CRM systems (ULTRABIS/Titan/ Onyx) are updated and maintained, open and close the centre – e.g. reception/meeting room area - according to the Regus procedure, order and restock Regus marketing collateral and ensure presentation packs are available during sales tours, coordinate client requests e.g. catering orders, hotel bookings, stationery flowers etc, encourage client retention by ensuring customer needs are satisfied giving high priority to client satisfaction, respond and convert Meeting Room orders including pre- and after-sales, actively Up-sell & cross-sell  Regus products and services  to clients,  contribute to centre tours by providing Reception presentation to prospective clients, ensure the General Manager is immediately made aware of any problems and that these are dealt with as soon as possible. My additional duties were:  debtors control, billing the invoices, marketing.

SKILLS/COMPETENCIES: 
· handling multiple tasks simultaneously and in short terms;
· conducting personal tasks; 
· excellent communication skills; 
· strong organizational skills; 
· ability to work with a large volumes of documents; 
· ability to multitask; 
· proactive approach.
